It's me again and
this is a solution to exercise 45. You are asked to create a script that generates not less, but 26
text files and each text file will contain one letter of the English alphabet as the text file name,
but also the letters should be inside the text file.
This is my solution.
I made it a bit advanced so I decided to create a solution that creates a folder named letters
and inside that folder
it puts all of these 26 text files.
So from A to Z and each letter has the letter inside them. Each file has the letter inside them.
If you made this exercise differently,
so you didn't create a folder, that's fine too.
Anyway I'm going to explain here how the script works.
So this is two lines that creates a folder named letters.
And here I am importing the string the OS modules.
You don't need to install them.
They are standard libraries.
And so I'm saying if this path exists.
So if the letters directory exists, sorry if this path does not exist, so if not exists then create that
directory.
Otherwise don't do anything.
So if there is such a folder, that don't do anything.
Just go to the next line.
So the next time I execute this nothing will be created because there's a folder with that name in there.
And so we have a for loop in here as always. For letter in  string of all 26 letters.
I'm opening a file with this path.
So letters which is the folder name and then the slash and then letter.
So a for for instance in the first iteration plus an extension which is .txt and we are opening that
in write mode as a file variable.
And then we rise that's later inside the file.
An then we're also creating a break line there.
But that's not necessary the case anyway.
Again here is the file name.
This is the content of the text file and I hope this is clear.
I'll talk to you later.